Cowboy Carter
Time to strike a match and light up this juke joint
One-one-one by one, you hang them high
Your hands are steady and you sleep at night
How did you turn your heart to stone?
I don't want him back, but I can't let go
Hangman, answer me now
You owe me a debt, you stole him from me
I hated you once, I envy you now
Just tell me how, tell me how
(d.a. got that—)

Oh, she got that whoa there
hangman got that whoa there
Don't act like you don't know
giddy up, giddy up (d.a. got that dope)
Don't pay me in gold, giddy up, giddy up
Back outside, I'm on the road, giddy up, giddy up
When the sun goes down (It's night-night, hey)
Can hear her body howl (In the moonlight, hey)
I feel her eyein' me like owls (It's on sight, hey)
Hide your man when the hangman
come in town (Ooh, yikes)

She's a tyrant
Every time I ride it, every time I ride it
Make it look so good, try to justify it
Boy, you know they're lookin' for me
how we gonna hide it?
Ride it like hydraulics, I am such a tyrant
Every time I ride it, every time I ride this
I don't like to sit up in the saddle, boy, I got it
Just relax, I got this, I got that exotic
Hips are so hypnotic, I am such a tyrant

Send me some shots, are you with me or not?
Throw it back, shoot up the bar
Then tell the law we don't remember nothin' after that
Scot-free (Scot-free), whole city after me
Have you seen her? 5'9'', thick and fine, what a tragedy
Hey, hey, ridin' you while we tryna get away
Ridin' you while we tryna catch a wave
That's so sexy and I know it
And I ain't afraid to show it
Baby, I'm goated, baby, I'm glowin'
Hey, hey, on the run, run
Tap me on the shoulder when you reload the gun

Tyrant every time I ride it, every time I ride it
Make it look so good, try to justify it
Boy, you know they're lookin' for me
how we gonna hide it?
Ride it like hydraulics, I am such a tyrant

How did you get used to the haunting? (The haunting)
The willing, the missing, the wanting (The wanting)
Dry eyes just send me across the divide
Hangman, teach me how not to cry
How not to cry, how not to cry

Ooh, she got that whoa there
hangman got that whoa there
Don't act like you don't know, yeah
giddy up, giddy up (d.a. got that—)
Don't pay me in gold, giddy up, giddy up
Back outside, I'm on the road, giddy up, giddy up (Hey)
When the sun goes down (When the suns goes down)
You can hear this body howl
(You can hear this body howl)
Giddy up now, diggadont, diggadont
Digga daddy, can't leave me 'lone, leave me 'lone
Damn if I do, dammit if I don't
Lady with a whip, want what she wanna want, okay

Tyrant every time I ride it, every time I ride it
Make it look so good, cowboys justify it
Boy, you know they lookin' for me
How we gonna hide it?
Ride it like hydraulics, I am such a tyrant
Every time I ride it, every time I ride it
Baby, I just don't sit up in the saddle, boy, I got it
Just relax, I got this, I got that exotic
These hips so hypnotic, I am such a tyrant

Hangman, answer me now
You owe me a debt, you stole him from me
(Giddy up, giddy up)
I hated you once, I envy you now (Hey)
Just tell me how, tell me how
(Giddy up, giddy up)
